{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red19\green45\blue68;\red244\green247\blue251;\red239\green24\blue187;
\red124\green34\blue187;\red11\green97\blue255;\red56\green198\blue106;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c9020\c23529\c33725;\cssrgb\c96471\c97647\c98824;\cssrgb\c96078\c24706\c78039;
\cssrgb\c56471\c24706\c78039;\cssrgb\c0\c48235\c100000;\cssrgb\c24706\c80392\c49020;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li5\fi-6\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Radar implementation\
\
Before implementation check read link throughly. You will find everything you need to implement radar iOS sdk. I will mention here the steps again step by step.\
\
1. 
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
must add a string for the 
\fs28\fsmilli14400 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription, NSLocationAlwaysUsageDescription, NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb1  key in your 
\fs28\fsmilli14400 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Info.plist
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb1  file if you haven't already. This string will be displayed when prompting the user for foreground location permissions.\
\
2. Go to project capabilities -> Background Modes : click 1. Location Updates 2. Background Fetch. This is important.\
3. Add 
\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 RadarSDK 
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb1  using cocopods or carthage\
\
4. \cf2 Initialize the SDK in your 
\fs28\fsmilli14400 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 AppDelegate
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb1  class, on the main thread, before calling any other Radar methods. In 
\fs28\fsmilli14400 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb1 , call: \
                                                                           
\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 Radar\cf2 \cb3 .initialize(publishableKey: publishableKey)
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb1  \
\
5. Then ask for user location permission and implement 
\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 CLLocationManager 
\fs32 \AppleTypeServices \cf2 \cb1 and everything related to locationManager. \
\
6. Go to Build Phases -> Link Binary With Libraries: include CoreLocation.framework library. This is must as Radar uses coreLocation in the background. \
\
7. Now you can start tracking by: 
\fs28 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb3 Radar\cf2 \cb3 .startTracking()\
\
8. Also include the delegate like this: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 func\cf2  \cf6 application\cf4 (_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplicationLaunchOptionsKey: \cf5 Any\cf4 ]?)\cf2  -> \cf4 Bool\cf2  \{\
    \cf4 Radar\cf2 .initialize(publishableKey: publishableKey)\
    \cf4 Radar\cf2 .setDelegate(\cf5 self\cf2 )\
\
    \cf5 return\cf2  \cf4 true\cf2 \
  \}\
\
9. To enable places you have to integrate FaceBook iOS SDK first coz Radar uses facebook places. Use any conventional method to integrate FBSDK from the internet.\
\
10. Then use \cf4 Radar\cf2 .setPlacesProvider(.facebook) \
\
11. you must enable places from your radar dashboard as well, this is must: https://radar.io/login , otherwise places wont come. \
\
12. Track any foreground event using: \
\cf4 Radar\cf2 .updateLocation(location, completionHandler: \{ (status: \cf4 RadarStatus\cf2 , location: \cf4 CLLocation?\cf2 , events: [\cf4 RadarEvent\cf2 ]?, user: \cf4 RadarUser?\cf2 ) \cf5 in\cf2 \
    \cf7 \cb3 // do something with status, events, user\cf2 \cb3 \
\})}